hi this is your model tour and you're
watching the exclusive the view of the
full Hellboy 2 trailer here on Yahoo now
from next item the royal crown bethmoora
a piece from a long-lost sculpture lost
not at all very much alive and I am here
to reclaim what is rightfully mine call
security
when our world is threatened I have
returned to wage war we claim our land
my forces beyond our understanding our
government turns to an elite top secret
organization we're moving up get over 70
guests reported we have no survivors
same story here babe don't call me babe
hey I said hey red we have company
I have a suspect the Royal Seal I'm
princess Nuala
my father died to uphold the truce with
your world
I will call upon the help of all the
children of the earth
the good the bad we have it up nasty we
can see it see me how hold your CV and
the worst
the Golden Army the unstoppable force oh
crap
kill them wouldn't do that if I were you
they're afraid of you have more in
common with us than with them demon
student make the choice
you woke up the baby
you